Add classic examples for Python Operators (#27403)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/operator/python.rst

======================

The ``ExternalPythonOperator`` can help you to run some of your tasks with a different set of Python
libraries than other tasks (and than the main Airflow environment). This might be a virtual environment
or any installation of Python that is preinstalled and available in the environment where Airflow
task is running. The operator takes Python binary as ``python`` parameter. Note, that even in case of
virtual environment, the ``python`` path should point to the python binary inside the virtual environment
(usually in ``bin`` subdirectory of the virtual environment). Contrary to regular use of virtual
environment, there is no need for ``activation`` of the environment. Merely using ``python`` binary
automatically activates it. In both examples below ``PATH_TO_PYTHON_BINARY`` is such a path, pointing
to the executable Python binary.

Use the :class:`~airflow.operators.python.ExternalPythonOperator` to execute Python callables inside a

> pre-defined environment. The virtualenv (which is should be preinstalled in the environment where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pre-defined environment. The virtualenv should be preinstalled in the environment where Python is run. In case ``dill`` is used, ...
```

Author: > Maybe, for ExternalPythonOperertor, points to the doc for extending/customizing docker images so people can prepare their virtualenv?

Good idea. There is a PR opened to update the docs which I am reviewing https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/27406 and it should be added there.
